hey hi boy scouts with you qyubayt and
welcome lego worlds we
we continue to watch it we continue it
study and today I would like to show you
how can you earn coins here
buy new characters you already
found
or buy some items for
I’ll just start to tell you about the game
about my impressions first how much
how much did she play play her five
days that is, it came out on June 1 now
5 and honestly the game is not really that
changed in these 5 days there were some
updates that just fixed
some bugs in the game
people had a black screen when i run this
already it seems like the update was not fixed
there was nothing super yet new
added no character items
creatures or something else
the game remains in the same stage in which
Basically released but this is the first
stage it is really good because
that for the very first version of the game this one
pasta we now see it pretty good it
really not bad but I think the game will be soon
already begin to somehow grow rapidly
because all the same it is known that
By the beginning of 2016, it will already be in
the final version that is, it will be
fully accessible to all non early
version here is completely free sale and
there will be multiplayer even that is
probably by the end of 2015 will already be
somehow work the beta multiplayer test
or something like that
that is, we will see how it will all be me
now katif desert about what game
I found it so interesting in
In general, I have already opened all the items of all
characters of all creatures and so far only
one transport did not open which by the way
I saw this last transport
skateboard I saw him and imagine I
I ran after him and he fell into the sea and
crashed here I couldn't it like
study and get yourself
I probably now they will show
because I want to make separate videos
on characters creatures and transport he
so on you understand and basically more
there is nothing to learn here, that is, I am for the sake of
this and played the game to find
characters find creatures and so on
because while here is a special purpose in the game
no how can you build of course but with
construction is not all bad i'm not very
beautifully build
Now what else can show you the way yes
now i can create super cool
characters now this is a dracula very
cool character for some reason the truth is not
you can see his abilities oh well we don't
for this came here I want to show you
how can you earn some coins
because here we are flying 37,000 a very
problem run and direct current
murder you need to beat and get
coins the more you get very
little very little and if i will you
use this method which i
Well, he found, in principle, very simple
maybe you yourself guessed yes let's
probably he started we need to build
such a little thing
so where do we put it with you let's
here here here please
wait don't you want to stand there right here
Let's thank you, though it is very beautiful
the pyramid here volumes in the game is very
many biomes about 8 probably for the first
version there is a lot and by the way these
cassettes for characters that are in
the game and they were taken from the axes of the minifigure then
there are these networks 7:13 they go out already
over 5 years and here from this of these
13 series collected 3323 no thirty
two figures because my one
personal i mean i can create
a figurine 32 original figurines they
chose from there and put them in the game
then of course it will probably be
added and will be added and
superhero probably there are all sorts of ninjago and
star wars maybe i don't know how with that
things will come down to here a lot of things
interesting we need here it is
here
sausage we open it close and
we get coins for it
by the way when you approach it you will study
and then you can buy and put well, I
I think that you can accumulate some
amount somewhat she stands there
now I find you here then sign
here here in the objects there behind the boy
ran and here it is sausage let's
put it
I don’t know where is more even here
great set and we go go to her
and to get some money and she
here are the parties yes a little uncomfortable to
get some money we open it
shutting down
I get out of it in my 400 here I
now not nearly 400 I think they are 30
coins apologizing the coin falls when
we do the second time already falls 4 s
half thousand that is see here
there is a blue coin which gives thousands
here you see here these dads 43 see we
first time open immediately close
we get with thirty coins this
guaranteed meaning nothing changes
This is not a random and open again
closing we get four and a half
thousands
and like this you can stuff in principle
imagine yourself well somehow but wisely
There is no need for a lot of money here
there is a maximum of one character or
any object worth 10,000 is you
Look, you got there five times
yes and all you can buy yourself
dear character basically here
a lot do not need you here 40,000
probably enough to all
buy well or 50 thousand for sure enough
you can buy anything you want so
that here it is very quick money
but I showed it to you so that you would not run
didn't hit different trees didn't kill
characters I'm just like this
quickly saved a bought all that you
wanted because on this one on this one
this tree tree beats are wasted
a lot of time and you think better
would you look for characters
search for characters and you can easily
find if you walk up by
Every house has its own character
transportation and your kicked items
By the way, here are the items that are here, but I
I will not show there very cool items you
look better video objects and
there are different things there are different
banana weapons and even eat them you can
find only in big chests there is here
I will try such small chests now
find him here and show you somewhere
there should be a little one
a chest with coins just there coins
maybe if you already played them
greeted there are still big chests
which are probably two or three times
more than these and they somehow have a little bit
the wall looks like you can find them
some ruins of some buildings and so
further and there you open and receive as
since the same thing I do not stand to deliver
such a chest I can not unfortunately but
to find
find it possible and somewhere okay in
principle, I know I think you know such
little chests stand and from there
drop a coin that's just wow us
then the bugs fell
To go nuts yes here if I so also ran
Vogue fell on his head would not be very
nice okay did not find i give a chest and
probably this finish I showed you
how can you easily get coins and
buy with the help of them you have already found
characters and objects
what else is animal transport
various built object and all this you
can buy with the help of coins that you
received using such lifehack
small, I think it does not
the same no bug i just
such
and you know you are studying some subject
use them and get it for it
coins are in principle honest to this i
I think that we say goodbye if you
want me to show you something
still talked about this game then write to
comment because i have
some opinion which was formed
for while i played well i of course
show items characters and creatures and
transport when transport is all on
youtube will also show on
this I probably finish until they release
some new update which is something
will add to the game here if you have to
write this idea in the comments
be sure to put likes if you
liked this video and you somehow
it helped not really be nice
and you do not much help me and my
channel and go to the channel there are many
cool clips come see can
you will like something and subscribe
on the channel I will be very grateful to you
thank you all bye bye